Gender equality is the view and treatment 
that everyone should receive without any discrimination based on
gender. We often talked about it when it comes to power, decision-
making, employment, gender-based violence, freedom, gender stereotypes,
harmful traditional practices, portrayal of women in the media, health,
rights, education and gender mainstreaming. But every time we talk about
gender equality, we always take the women's side not minding the men's side
which will balance the understanding of the said topic. 

The countries in Europe 
has compiled a Gender Equality Glossary, drawn from international and regional women's human rights instruments. 
Also, lastJanuary 21, 2017, during the newly-inaugurated President of the United States, 
Donald Trump, hundreds of thousands of women marched on Washington to fight for
their rights and to stop sexual harassment. This is an example of women fighting 
for themselves. There are a lot of issues when it comes to equal treatments and the rights
of women. One issue is the cultural factors like "Patrilocality". It is when a woman gets
married, she essentially ceases to be a member of her birth family and joins her husband's
family. Under this system, parents potentially reap more of the returns to investments
in a son's health and education because he will remain a part of their family, whereas a daughter
will physically and financially leave the household upon marriage. Based on these cultural factors,
women don't really have the right to choose the life she wants to live. It's like they were made
just to take care of their children and stay at home. Also, when it comes to education, parents would 
prefer to let their son continue studying instead of their daughter because they'll know that one 
day, she will stay at home and will waste all the knowledge she learned.

You see, educating and training 
our minds with the right information and knowledge will help us to be a 
better individual. We shouldn't be criticizing each other's inabilities to do things, thus, we should start to help each other, build each other.
That's what humanity is for. Imagine if we won't stop this right now, what will happen on the future generations? Things will get worse as 
time goes by. Change starts within us, and let's be the change we want to see in the world. 